Like jade boy
Take out the jade and let me see
You are from Nangong Suzaku
Damn Nangong Clan Master Minghui, you said it too
Brother Wang
This kid dares to call Nangong Clan Leader Ming Hui
It's better to be big when his head is thrown out
As for this little girl?
Hey, hey, hey.
Recognize this ring
Do you know anything about a broken copper ring?
Take out the jade
I can consider sparing you
Disrespect to our Nangong Patriarch
master
Since you don't recognize this ring
Then you call Nangong Suzaku
As long as he comes
I'll definitely give you a lot of guts
Sister Suzaku is the person you can meet if you want to
Do you have to force me to do it?
Since you don't want to call
So I'll have to call him.
Did you call or did I call from Suzaku Well?